---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Contributing to a FOSS Project: Back to Step 4

Last Week's Tasks:
- [x] Find a few issues and rank them
- [ ] Ask for clarification regarding the issue we end up choosing
- [ ] Start coding/contributing

Our team has run into problems trying to find an issue to make a contribution. Although there are several open issues, the Zulip community is very active. Issues are posted frequently, but claimed within days. Some issues are even claimed by several developers. It seems like a competition. Despite this difficulty, our team was finally able to claim an [issue](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/12769). We think this is a good first issue to work on as new contributors. We have also learned that we must work quickly. After 14 days, the Zulip bot unassigns you from the issue. Because this issue does not seem difficult, we plan to have a working solution within the week.

By next week, I hope to achieve the following:
- [ ] Start coding/contributing
- [ ] Issue first pull request


## Wikipedia Contributions

I made my first contributions to Wikipedia this week. I updated the enrollment statistics for my alma mater, Fordham University. I discovered that this Wikipedia page is considered a [*good article*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Good_articles), which is a type of article that meets certain criteria on Wikipedia. I think reviewing this type of page was a good place to start because it gave me an idea of what a well-written Wiki page looks like. After exploring several pages, I have come to realize that Wikipedia contains a plethora of information. Once I finished reading the contributing guide and primer for newcomers, I felt overhwhelmed by the amount of material. Although the primer provided useful knowledge for making contributions, I was still hesitant to make an edit. I found it difficult to read the primer because it is not well-organized. I expect a beginner-friendly guideline/tutorial to be clear and concise. The primer lays out all of the necessary information, but not in a structured way.

I also updated the [Sephora Wiki page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sephora). For this edit, I spent a significant amount of time researching the company. This page has some relevant and accurate information, but I would like to get it to reach the status of a good article.
