---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---


### Finding a FOSS Project: Step 3

For this week, I learned about another OSS project called Ghidra. I collaborated with 2 classmates on the following project evaluation:

#### Project Evaluation: Ghidra

Ghidra is an open source software reverse engineering tool created and maintained by the National Security Agency Research Directorate for analyzing malicious code and malware on a variety of platforms, such as Windows, Mac OS, and Linux. I learned that it is one of many OSS projects developed within the NSA. The source code for Ghidra is hosted on Github. The repository is not easy to navigate. The README provides an overview of the project and leads the reader to the Contributor Guide. There is also a wiki, which only contains a page on FAQs and past presentations. Overall, it lacks in organization and structure. Answering most of the questions for the evaluation was difficult because it took some digging around the repository and the project website. The hardest task was evaluating the community. The team and fellow contributors seem to communicate only via the issue tracker on Github. Also, there is no Code of Conduct for this project. I am not interested in this particular project. Firstly, Ghidra is primarily written in Java which is a language I am not familiar with. Second, the activy level of this project suggests that it would not be possible to contribute during the course of a semester. Issues remain open on average for about 38 days. And pull requests remain unanswered for about 44 days. Also, issues are not tagged by level of difficulty, which would make it hard for beginners to find and resolve issues. 


#### Project Preferences 

I have also narrowed down my list of project preferences to the following top 3:

  1. Zulip
  2. Gatsby
  3. Jupyter

In addition to narrowing down my choices for an OSS project, I made three more contributions on OpenStreetMap. I also contributed to a classmate's blog by proofreading and editing her post for grammatical errors. Outside of class contributions, I discovered [Code.gov](https://code.gov/). Code.gov is an official website of the US government that promotes good practices in cod development, collaboration, and reuse across the Federal Government. It provides tools and guidance to assist federal agencies implement the [Federal Source Code Policy](https://sourcecode.cio.gov/). The most interesting section of the policy is its Open Source Pilot Program (see Section 5). This progam requires agencies to release at least 20% of new custom-developed Federal source code to the public. I also learned that Code.gov will also be hosting its first annual [**Federal Source Code Summit**](https://medium.com/codedotgov/code-gov-to-host-first-annual-federal-source-code-summit-in-april-605312aecf8d) this April in Washington, D.C.
