---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## Contributing to a FOSS Project: Step 5

Last Two Week's Tasks:
- [X] Ask for clarification regarding our issue
- [X] Code a solution
- [X] Issue a pull request
- [X] Find new issue

This week our team managed to code a solution and issue our first pull request. However, our solution did not pass the tests. We are now focusing on how to run tests and working to make sure our code passes these tests. In the meantime, our group has learned to look for and claim issues early because of the high activity in the community. We have also learned that the Zulip chat server is more active and more reliable than the issue tracker. 

By next week, I hope to achieve the following:
- [ ] Run tests
- [ ] Re-issue pull request
- [ ] Code solution for next issue


## Guest Speaker: Gil Yehuda
About two weeks ago, Senior Director of Technology Strategy at Verizon Gil Yehuda spoke to our class. He discussed the evolution of the open source movement, the complexities of the relationship between the proprietary software industry and open source, and offered advice for how to launch a career with open source. Gil gave a comprehensive presentation on the history of open source and how companies use OSS. What impressed me the most was that Gil was a former opponent of open source software and now spoke highly in its favor. From a business perspective, I can understand why firms are strictly against open source. However, Gil was able to demonstrate the intrinsic benefits of open source and explain how companies like Verizon can position themselves toward better financial outcomes because of open source.


## Folding@Home
