---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---


### Contributing to a FOSS Project: Step 3

Last Week's Tasks:
- [x] Introduce self in the new members stream of the Zulip community
- [x] Read the Zulip [Git Guide](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/git/index.html)
- [x] Decide how to make first contribution
- [x] Pick an issue to work on and start using the development environment

The team decided how we would make our first contribution. We browsed through the beginner-friendly issues and stumbled upon [this bug](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/3938). All team members are now in the Zulip organization I created last week. In addition to using the application as a communication channel, we hope to learn more about Zulip through our usage and to provide feedback to the Zulip community.

By next week, I hope to achieve the following:
- [ ] Resolve teammate's issue with installing the development environment
- [ ] Ensure teammates have read the documentation and signed the CLA
- [ ] Create a game plan/divvy up the work regarding the issue we picked


#### Wikipedia 
To explore Wikipedia, I started with the [main page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page). I discovered that there are over 6 million articles in English on Wikipedia! I found it incredibly difficult to find content that I would like to contribute to. Although the main page is well organized, there is a plethora of information presented. I browsed through the different portals and ended up in a [Wikiproject for music](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:WikiProject_Music). I don't consider myself an expert, but I am passionate about music and hope to contribute some of my knowledge in this area.


#### Thoughts on "Open Source is Not About You"
I thought the [article](https://gist.github.com/richhickey/1563cddea1002958f96e7ba9519972d9) was interesting to read. I understand the author's frustration for the sense of entitlement that open source software users tend to have. However, I do not completely agree with his stance. I think the article should be entitled, "Open Source is Not Only About You". 

>As a user of something open source you are not thereby entitled to anything at all. You are not entitled to contribute. You are not entitled to features. You are not entitled to the attention of others. You are not entitled to having value attached to your complaints. You are not entitled to this explanation.

I agree with the author up until his last two statements. Yes, the project owners and maintainers do not owe the users anything because the project is a gift. But to say that there is no value attached to the users' complaints AND to further say that the user is not entitled to an explanation is disrespectful. And then I read the next two paragraphs...

>Open source is a licensing and delivery mechanism, period...

At this point, I was anxiously pulling at my hair. The author completely misses the point that Open Source is __inseparable__ from **community**. He fails to recognize that his company, livelihood, and the work of fellow developers rely upon the feedback that users provided [for free]. The users should be treated as co-developers. They are not entitled, but should be encouraged to contribute to the project. I understand that it is frustrating to receive criticism about your project, but the author should learn to not take such criticism personally and should expect both positive and negative feedback. Other than providing my own two cents on the matter, I would like to know what prompted such a response.


#### Other OSS Contributions
This week
