---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## Contributing to a FOSS Project: Step 4

Last Week's Tasks:
- [x] Resolve teammate's issue with installing the development environment
- [x] Ensure teammates have read the documentation and signed the CLA
- [ ] Create a game plan/divvy up the work regarding the issue we picked

Now that our team has been using Zulip to communicate, we are more familiar with the application. There has been some confusion over what exactly the issue is that we are working on. After discussing with the team and reading over the commments in the issue thread, we drafted a post to ask clarifying questions. I posted a topic regarding our issue to the Zulip community. We immediately received a response from a core contributor. We were advised not to work on the issue because it was over a year old. Our team must go back to the drawing board for finding an issue. This time we will pick a handful of issues, so that we have others to fall back on just in case this situation arises again.

By next week, I hope to achieve the following:
- [ ] Find a few issues and rank them
- [ ] Ask for clarification regarding the issue we end up choosing
- [ ] Start coding/contributing

## COVID-19

As a student, the pandemic has significantly impacted my daily schedule. Although we live in a day and age where we heavily rely on technology, I have found it quite cumbersome to learn remotely. I have family members who are also working remotely, so the Internet usage has increased in our household. Because I would commute into the city, I would use the resources at the library or stay inside a cafe with WiFi. But now that these options are closed, I have no other choice but to stay home. To prevent any connection disruptions, I think we will have to upgrade our current Internet plan. This situation is not ideal, but I think learning from home will be the norm for a few more months. We are only reaching the end of flu season now, and we have not yet reached the peak of this virus. It is difficult to read the news these days, but I try to stay hopeful. I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy during this time.
