---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


### Finding a FOSS Project: Step 1

Now that I've clearly defined my goals and discussed how working on a FOSS project will benefit me, I must find a project to make contributions. I have compiled the following list to narrow my search. I hope to find a FOSS project related to at least one of my interests.
* Things I Find Most Interesting:
  * Learning about skin care/health and wellness
  * Makeup artistry
  * Trying out and reviewing beauty products
  * Listening to music and podcasts
  * Knitting
  * Fashion
  * Art

In addition to figuring out and classifying my interests, I spent time thinking about skills I possess that would be useful to contributing to a FOSS project. I hope not only to find an intriguing project, but also to share my skills to make meaningful contributions to the project. My skills are as follows: 
* Adaptable -- ability to work in fast-paced environment
* Detail-oriented
* Effective communicator
* Critical thinker
* Team player
* Maintain positive attitude
* Data Structures
* Web Development
* Programming Languages: C++, Python

This week I came across two open source software projects: uBlock Origin and Pencil Project. [uBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock) is a cross-platform browser extension for filtering content, such as ad-blocking. This project is licensed under GPLv3. I briefly looked over the repository, which is available on GitHub. I replaced my ad blocker on Chrome with this extension and installed it on Firefox. I plan to test the extension over the next few weeks. [Pencil Project](https://github.com/evolus/pencil) is a GUI prototyping tool and is licensed under GPLv2. Its repository is also available on GitHub. I am testing this tool by using it to create both the wireframe and mockup for my team's capstone project.
